Let's combine our two swords, senior brother
Ah!
Yunsheng Jiehai Jue
If you refuse Yunsheng Jiehai, you want to deal with us
What a dream
Yunsheng's robbery will definitely be severe
But what to do in the face of the two elders
Are you looking down on us with only one hand?
See how long he can last
Strange to face such a powerful attack
Ying Feng is only one-handed
His skill
Is it really outrageous?
Xiao Yingfeng, show all your skills
What cultivation method does he refer to?
What kind of cultivation method does he care about?
It's an orchid recipe.
Both moves are hands-on disrespect
Xiao Yifeng, what are you thinking?
This battle must not hurt the innocent
But I will never let any villain go
I spent the rest of my life solving the sea defense system
One hand makes orchids dense
Absorb the power of elders
But he was exhausted
Will use the power of the devil
The two hands actually used different tricks
They are all top Taoist methods
The art of left and right protection once spread in the rivers and lakes
That's all there is to it.
Damn this kid is disrespectful
The old man works harder
It really forced you to act